hey guys legit me out here and you're
watching game of free-for-all on scrap
yard just like with any game of
free-for-all at the beginning of the
game I sit back for a second and see if
I can hear anybody moving because the
first few seconds of a free-for-all game
is when it's most unpredictable and
you'll get a stupid def if you start
running right away usually because
everybody's spread out all over the map
and during the like in the middle of the
game and free-for-all there's always
people shooting so then you know which
direction people are going to be running
they're generally going to be running
towards the red dots on the map but if
you're in the beginning of the game
nobody's shooting everybody just starts
running and you can get killed from
behind extremely easily that's why I
don't suppose exposed my back to the
enemies after getting the game so I
don't know if you caught it at the gun
selection there I'm using ak-47 with no
attachment and the reason for that is
because when you put an attachment on an
ak-47
it adds idle suede to it which makes the
gun a lot less accurate and when you
have no attachment on it it just works
like 10 times better you may have
noticed when you first loss unlock the
AKS seems like an amazing gun and then
you keep using it putting on attachments
and then for some reason you're not
doing as well I don't know
I noticed that before and then I found
out that it's not just me it's actually
the game that puts idle sway on the gun
when you put an attachment on it I found
that out from a post that woodysgamertag
did on mission of my respawn he like
tested it and yeah that was pretty cool
and now I'm now I know that so in this
game I get a lot of air support but the
air support doesn't really dominate the
game like it does in some free-for-all
games you might see it actually gets
shot down right away like everything I
call I think I get to Harriers and maybe
to pave lows I don't know my killstreaks
setup is predator Harrier and pave low I
like to run that because
the pave low and a free-for-all is
really good at like keeping everybody
indoors so you know that people are like
gonna be hiding and when everybody
starts hiding indoors and like fighting
for indoor spaces and you can walk
freely outside then you can pick them
off as they try and get in door so it's
always a good good way to play the game
and here I see this guy camping in the
corner and I stunned myself but luckily
I kill him for my predator missile no I
don't know why in my games there seems
to always be people using riot shields
personally I don't think riot shield
should be in the game I never use it but
I guess it can be fun if you're playing
with a party but that kid in the corner
was obviously playing by himself I don't
know why like what would make you want
it sit in the corner with the riot
shield and a free-for-all
so anyways my secondary is a USP
silenced and the reason for that is
because it's the only stealth pistol
which means that it's the only pistol
that doesn't show up on the map I like
to use that because my primary weapon
the ak-47 is not silenced so if I ever
need to make a stealthy kill I can pull
out the pistol quickly and try and take
a guy out now that may sound pretty
smart but actually every time I try and
take out my pistol I end up dying it
seems so you might not want to imitate
me on that so I don't know if I said
this already but this was my first game
after two weeks of not playing call of
duty so I think my aim and alertness and
everything is pretty much perfect
compared to my usual like I don't think
I got any worse over the two weeks of
not playing sometimes you know you get
rusty especially if you're doing playing
other games I don't know anyways the
muscle memory is still there and
everything's working out so I'm probably
gonna get Halo Reach I might even have
it
in about half an hour if my mom decides
to pick it up for me like I asked for
but I don't expect her to because she
has things to do I might go pick it up
by myself tomorrow if I have time and
I'm actually I actually got this deal
with this channel called pixel enemy so
I might be uploading some stuff there
from now on
and if I do I'll let you guys know and
you guys can go check that out and also
there's a dual commentary I just did
with my real-life friend from school Cod
gameplay he actually just got him a
cinema contract so that's a pretty cool
to do a dual comp commentary with him
nowadays I guess so if you go to my
channel it'll be the featured video on
my channel and you can check out that
try commentary actually because we had a
special guest so anyways that's it 30
and 2 thanks for watching guys and I'll
see you next time hopefully